Update RelatedPage and Note to use children; use playground theme (#1210)
mapbox/android-docs: src/pages/java/overview/directions.md

This is called *data-driven styling*. For more information about how data-driven styling can be used in a map, see [the data-driven styling guide](/android/maps/overview/data-driven-styling/).

{{<RelatedPage url="https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-android-demo/blob/master/MapboxAndroidDemo/src/main/java/com/mapbox/mapboxandroiddemo/examples/javaservices/DirectionsActivity.java" title="Directions" contentType="example">}}

> Request and receive a Directions API route between two locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Java SDK to retrieve a route between two locations and display it on a map.
```
